{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red100\green56\blue32;\red28\green0\blue207;\red0\green116\blue0;
\red170\green13\blue145;\red196\green26\blue22;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab543
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 ###Enabling APIs for Google Services###\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 1.\cf0  In your web browser navigate to  https:\cf4 //console.developers.google.com and sign in with your Google account.\cf0 \
\cf3 2.\cf0  Select \'93Dashboard\'94 and click on the \'93Create Project\'94 button, creating a new project \cf5 for\cf0  your app (following Google\'92s steps).\
\cf3 3.\cf0  Once the project is successfully created, click on your project name \cf5 in\cf0  the upper bar of the Google console. Select the \'93Credentials\'94 tab on the left Menu.\
\cf3 4.\cf0  Click on the \'93Create Credentials\'94 button, and select \'93OAuth Client ID\'94 \cf5 in\cf0  the sub-menu.\
\cf3 5.\cf0  Select iOS \cf5 in\cf0  the list and complete the required information based on your app. Click \'93Create\'94 and close the confirmation popup.\
\cf3 6.\cf0  Return to the Dashboard section and click on \'93Enable API\'94.\
\cf3 7.\cf0  Depending on the services you want to include:\
- **For Google Drive and/or Google Photos**: select \'93Drive API\'94 under \'93Google Apps APIs\'94 and click \'93Enable\'94.\
- **For Gmail**: select \'93Gmail API\'94 under \'93Google Apps APIs\'94 and click \'93Enable\'94.\
\cf3 8.\cf0  Open https:\cf4 //developers.google.com/mobile/add pick iOS platform. Choose App Name and bundle. Choose and Enable Google SignIn. Generate and download configuration file. Add \'93GoogleService-Info.plist\'94 to app bundle.\cf0 \
\cf3 9.\cf0  Add REVERSED_CLIENT_ID to URL Scheme base on https:\cf4 //developers.google.com/identity/sign-in/ios/start-integrating\cf0 \
\cf3 10.\cf0  Double check CLIENT_ID, REVERSED_CLIENT_ID, URLScheme equal to \'93OAuth \cf3 2.0\cf0  client IDs\'94 \cf5 in\cf0  google console. Some times \'93GoogleService-Info.plist\'94 has ID \cf5 for\cf0  WEB client.\
\cf3 11.\cf0  Add FSPicker to pod file and install pods\
pod \cf6 "FSPicker"\cf0 , :git => \cf3 'https://github.com/swebdevelopment/FSPicker.git'\cf0 , :branch => \cf3 'google-services'\cf0 \
\
\
\cf3 12.\cf0  Add code to AppDelegate:\
\cf2 #import \cf6 <FSPicker/FSPicker.h>\cf2 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
- (\cf5 BOOL\cf0 )application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions \{\
    \cf4 // Override point for customization after application launch.\cf0 \
    \
    [[FSGoogleServicesManager shared] application:application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:launchOptions];\
    \
    \cf5 return\cf0  \cf5 YES\cf0 ;\
\}\
\
- (\cf5 BOOL\cf0 )application:(UIApplication *)app\
openURL:(NSURL *)url\
options:(NSDictionary *)options \{\
    \
    \cf5 return\cf0  [[FSGoogleServicesManager shared] application:app openURL:url options:options];\
    \
    \cf5 return\cf0  \cf5 YES\cf0 ;\
\}\
}